He found himself sitting at his computer, typing whatever came to mind.
He was on a website entitled 10 fast fingers.
This site tested how fast you were at typing.
So he typed. He was currently typing about himself typing, which is odd in a way. 
He was now describing about how he was typing about himself typing.
country said said sound base mean.
one line wait get question way car.
change if listen hot whole eat.
Nobody loves a pig wearing lipstick.
The rain pelted the windshield as the darkness engulfed us.
I may struggle with geography, but I'm sure I'm somewhere around here.
She always had an interesting perspective on why the world must be flat.
He was sure the Devil created red sparkly glitter.
Someone I know recently combined Maple Syrup & buttered Popcorn thinking it would taste like caramel popcorn. It didn’t and they don’t recommend anyone else do it either.
She had a habit of taking showers in lemonade.
Check back tomorrow; I will see if the book has arrived.
Poison ivy grew through the fence they said was impenetrable.
There was no telling what thoughts would come from the machine.
He turned in the research paper on Friday; otherwise, he would have not passed the class.
Art doesn't have to be intentional.
Too many prisons have become early coffins.
It's a skateboarding penguin with a sunhat!
Mothers spend months of their lives waiting on their children.
There are few things better in life than a slice of pie.
Sometimes you have to just give up and win by cheating.
Combines are no longer just for farms.
She always speaks to him in a loud voice.
Chocolate covered crickets were his favorite snack.
Nothing seemed out of place except the washing machine in the bar.
Honestly, I didn't care much for the first season, so I didn't bother with the second.
He went on a whiskey diet and immediately lost three days.
She used her own hair in the soup to give it more flavor.
He was 100% into fasting with her until he understood that meant he couldn't eat.
I am never at home on Sundays.
The sudden rainstorm washed crocodiles into the ocean.
Pink horses galloped across the sea.
It had been sixteen days since the zombies first attacked.
The shooter says goodbye to his love.
She could hear him in the shower singing with a joy she hoped he'd retain after she delivered the news.
I met an interesting turtle while the song on the radio blasted away.
She thought there'd be sufficient time if she hid her watch.
The hand sanitizer was actually clear glue.
Nobody loves a pig wearing lipstick.
She had a habit of taking showers in lemonade.
You bite up because of your lower jaw.
The complicated school homework left the parents trying to help their kids quite confused.
Someone I know recently combined Maple Syrup & buttered Popcorn thinking it would taste like caramel popcorn. It didn’t and they don’t recommend anyone else do it either.
I covered my friend in baby oil.
He was surprised that his immense laziness was inspirational to others.
Green should have smelled more tranquil, but somehow it just tasted rotten.
Pair your designer cowboy hat with scuba gear for a memorable occasion.
Tomorrow will bring something new, so leave today as a memory.
He drank life before spitting it out.
She advised him to come back at once.
Iguanas were falling out of the trees.
Hit me with your pet shark!
He went on a whiskey diet and immediately lost three days.
This is a Japanese doll.
He found the end of the rainbow and was surprised at what he found there.
Be careful with that butter knife.
Honestly, I didn't care much for the first season, so I didn't bother with the second.
I really want to go to work, but I am too sick to drive.
As you consider all the possible ways to improve yourself and the world, you notice John Travolta seems fairly unhappy.
Jason lived his life by the motto, "Anything worth doing is worth doing poorly.
It doesn't sound like that will ever be on my travel list.
Gary didn't understand why Doug went upstairs to get one dollar bills when he invited him to go cow tipping.
The elephant didn't want to talk about the person in the room.
He created a pig burger out of beef.
I would have gotten the promotion, but my attendance wasn’t good enough.
The waitress was not amused when he ordered green eggs and ham.
Their argument could be heard across the parking lot.
